And that's it for this module.
We built our first little REST API with node and express.
We added our middleware functions here as controllers in the separate file and we're mapping this to
incoming requests here in the roots file where we listen for different HP methods and different paths
and then execute different middleware functions.
You'll learned how to add validation how to set up your rules and how to then work with validation errors
and possibly send back errors.
We created our own error model for that and we're using the default express tray as our handling middleware
to send back a standard uniform error message.
If something goes wrong in general you learned how to work with Express and node and how to work with
that middleware concept of express how to parse request data and also of course how to map your different
routes to different filters here.
That really is a lot of new things or a lot of useful things.
And that is what makes up any REST API you build.
Now of course there are missing pieces.
We're not talking to a database yet that will happen later and we don't have a real user authentication
flow.
We're just doing some dummy authentication here.
Now of course that will all be added but we're done with the first step towards a real REST API and
therefore we can now move on to the next steps.